required changes are included (#15)
BethanyG/python: exercises/concept/inventory-management/.docs/introduction.md

{'name': 'Blue Whale', 'speed': 25, 'land_animal': False}
```

## Deleting values using keys

> You can delete an item from a dictionary using its _key_. The item is removed from the dictionary and the value is returned. `dict.pop` accepts second argument `default` that is returned if the key is not found. If no default is provided, a `KeyError` is raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete an item from a dictionary using `dict.pop(<key>)`. This will remove the `(key`, `value`) pair from the dictionary and return the `value` for use. `dict.pop(<key>)` accepts second argument, `default` that is returned if the `key` is not found  (`dict.pop(<key>, <default>)`). Otherwise, a `KeyError` will be raised for any `key` that is missing.
```
